Question 1
It is possible to change the size of a Virtual Private Cloud after its creation. State True or False.
Select one:
True
False

Question 2
What is the ideal solution if you want the resources to be connected to the internet?
Select one:
a. Load Balancer
b. Amazon Route 53
c. Public Subnet
d. Private Subnet

Question 3
Select the correct option to isolate a section of the AWS cloud, and launch AWS resources in a defined virtual network.
Select one:
a. Security Tools
b. Trusted Guide
c. Virtual Private Cloud
d. Shared Responsibility Model

Question 4
Which responsibilities fall into the customer's domain in the shared responsibility model? (Choose 2)
Select one or more:
a. AWS encryption keys
b. Client-side data encryption
c. Global infrastructure
d. Edge Locations
e. IAM credentials.

Question 5
Which of the following services would you use to save time, when deploying a complex set of services and to make the process of deploying those services repeatable?
Select one:
a. Elastic Bean Stalk
b. AWS Cloud Formation
c. Shared Responsibility Model
d. EC2

Question 6
As an alternative to prewarming the ELB, we can assign a smaller ELB to load balance between multiple ELBs. State True or False.
Select one:
True
False

Question 7
How does an Elastic Load Balancer enable higher fault-tolerance level?
Select one:
a. Creating subnets
b. Open or terminate instances
c. Creating the group of instances
d. Dividing instances into several Availability Zones

Question 8
How does the Load Balancer distribute traffic if there is a HTTP/HTTPS request?
Select one:
a. None of the listed options
b. Round Robin
c. Least Outstanding request
d. All of the listed options.

Question 9
An online gaming site asked you if you could deploy a database that is fast, highly scalable NoSQL database service in AWS for a new site that they want to build. Which database should you recommend?
Select one:
a. Amazon DynamoDB
b. Amazon Redshift
c. Amazon RDS
d. Amazon SimpleDB

Question 9
An online gaming site asked you if you could deploy a database that is fast, highly scalable NoSQL database service in AWS for a new site that they want to build. Which database should you recommend?
Not yet answered
Select one:
a. Amazon DynamoDB
b. Amazon Redshift
c. Amazon RDS
d. Amazon SimpleDB

Question 10
What is an AWS region?
Select one:
a. A region is an independent data center, located in different countries around the globe.
b. A region is a collection of Edge locations.
c. A region consist of different subnets of AWS technologies. Eg. EC2, ECS, Lambda, and so on.
d. A region is a geographical area that consists of different availability zones. Each region has at least two availability Zones.

Question 11
What level of control you have on you EC2? (Choose 2)
Select one or more:
a. You do not have partial control of your computing resources.
b. You do not have control of your computing resources.
c. You have partial control of your computing resources.
d. You have complete control of your computing resources.

Question 12
Amazon S3 is a/an
Select one:
a. Object store
b. block store
c. File system
d. NAS

Question 13
What best describes AWS EC2?
Select one:
a. A database service
b. Unlimited mass storage
c. An on premise server computer
d. A virtual computer used primarily for its processing power

Question 14
What is an s3 bucket?
Select one
a. A bucket is a physical unit of storage in Amazon Web Services (AWS) object storage service.
b. A bucket is a logical unit of storage in Amazon Web Services (AWS) EBS storage service
c. A bucket is a logical unit of software in Amazon Web Services (AWS) object storage service.
d. A bucket is a logical unit of storage in Amazon Web Services (AWS) object storage service

Question 15
Which of the following is true about security groups? (Choose 2)
Select one or more
a. All inbound traffic is allowed and outbound traffic is denied by defaull
b. Acts as a virtual firewall to control inbound and outbound traffic
c. Acts as a virtual firewall to control outbound traffic only
d. All inbound traffic is denied and outbound traffic is allowed by default
e. Acts as a virtual firewall to control inbound traffic only

Question 16
AWS Service that can be used as global Content Delivery Network is
Select one
a Amazon CloudTrail
b Amazon SES
c AWS S3
d Amazon CloudFront

Question 17
What property of AWS helps you reduce the downtime with less human intervention?
Select one
a. High Latency
b. Cost Optimization
c. Fault Tolerance
d. High Availability

Question 18
Which service is fully managed by AWS database service?
Select one
a. AWS Glue
b. Amazon MySQL
c. Amazon DynamoDB
d. Amazon RDS

Question 19
Select the service you will use if you want to monitor all events in your AWS account
Select one
a. AWS Cloudwatch Logs
b. AWS CloudTrail
c. AWS Cloudwalch
d. AWS Config

Question 20
Your company has started using AWS Your IT security team is concerned with the security of hosting resources in the cloud Which AWS service provides security optimization recommendations that could help IT secunty team secure resources using AWS?
Select one
a. AWS API Gateway
b. AWS Trusted Advisor
c. Reserved Instances
d. AWS Spot Instances

Question 31
Which AWS service lets you automatically increase or decrease the compute capacity based on the parameters that defined?
Select one:
a. AWS Data Pipeline
b. Amazon EC2
c. Elastic Load Balancing
d. Auto Scaling

Question 32
A user is enabling logging on a particular bucket. Which of the below mentioned options may be best suited to allow access to the log bucket?
Select one:
a. Create an IAM Role, which has access to the log bucket
b. Provide ACL for the logging group
c. It is not possible to enable logging on the S3 bucket
d. Create an IAM policy and allow log access

Question 33
Identify the correct option for the following if a Reserved Instance can be moved from one Region to another.
Select one:
a. Yes
b. Only if they are moving into GovCloud
c. No
d. Only if they are moving to US East from another region,

Question 34
Which statement best describes Availability Zones?
Select one:
a. A restricted area designed specifically for creating Amazon Virtual Private Clouds.
b. Two zones containing compute resources that are designed to maintain synchronized copies of data between each other.
c. A content delivery network, which is used to distribute content to users.
d. Distinct locations within an AWS Region that are engineered to be isolated from failures while providing low latency.

Question 35
Which AWS Tool is designed to enable you to get hands-on experience with AWS Cloud services at no charge for 12 months after you sing up?
Select one
a. TCO Calculator
b. Amazon EC2 purchasing option
c. AWS Simple monthly calculator
d. Free Tier
e. Trusted Advisor

Question 36
Which of the database service is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and predictable performance?
Select one:
a. Amazon Relational Database Service
b. Amazon ElastiCache.
c. None of the listed options.
d. Amazon DynamoDB

Question 37
Identify the scenario where a customer would most likely use Amazon EC2 Cluster Instances
Select one
a. To create sriapshots of on-premises data to be copied to Amazon S3
b To replace on-premises or offsite magnetic tape libranes
c. To automate deployment and management in AWS Cloud
d. To automate deployment and management of applications for science and engineering that requires supercomputing performance

Question 38
A medical research facility that specializes in the development of specific vacanes is investigating options for storing historical clinical trial records that they no longer need to access on a regular basis, Which AWS Service is most central to this solution?
Select one
a. Amazon Marketplace
b. Amazon EBS
c. Amazon S3
d. Amazon Storage Gateway
e. Amazon Glacier

Quretion 39
Which statement is true about Bastion servers?
Select one
a. AWS maintain both Linux and Windows RDP bastions for access
b. All of the listed options
c. Bastions allow access to all resources inside AMS for both customers and AMS operators
d. Bastions are only accessible over your private connection

Question 40
Identify whether a user can change the VPC security groups that it belongs to after an Amazon VPC instance is launched
Select one
a. Yes
b. No
c. Only if the tag "VPC Change Group" is true
d. Only if the tag "VPC Change Group" is true
